h1. PayS.MS a OpenTransact SMS gateway

PaySMS allows you to send money via text messages (SMS). It is created using "OpenTransact":http://opentransact.org and is released as "open source":https://github.com/opentransact/paysms on GitHub.

As a proof of concept this version currently can transfer "PicoMoney DevCredits":https://picomoney.com/devcredits. Please sign up and click the button to issue yourself some devcredits.

h2. Installation

PayS.MS is written in Ruby and "Sinatra":http://sinatrarb.com. It uses "Redis":http://redis.io. Both are available on "Heroku":http://heroku.com so you should be able to get a customized version up and running in less than an hour.

SMS service is done using "Twilio":http://twilio.com. Feel free to fork and customize it to use another service.

h3. Configuration

You need your credentials from Twilio and from your chosen "OpenTransact":http://opentransact.org provider.

For local development I recommend "Pow":http://pow.cx which allows you to place the following in a .powenv file.

<pre><code>
# OAuth credentials for OpenTransact provider eg https://picomoney.com/apps
export OPENTRANSACT_KEY="..."
export OPENTRANSACT_SECRET="..."

# OpenTransact url for asset you wish to use
export OPENTRANSACT_URL="http://picomoney.dev/devcredits"

# Display name of Asset
export OPENTRANSACT_NAME="DevCredits"

# Register at http://twilio.com for these
export TWILIO_KEY="..."
export TWILIO_SECRET="..."
export TWILIO_NUMBER="..."

# Optional AdSense account id
export ADSENSE="..."</code></pre>

On Heroku use:

<pre><code>heroku config:add OPENTRANSACT_KEY:... OPENTRANSACT_SECRET:... etc.</code></pre>

h2. Future plans

Small plans

* I want to modularize most of the business logic into a Phone class.
* An installation should be able to support more than one OpenTransact asset at a time.